anytime a government says championship
it's a big deal in the big 12
championship for the University of Texas
our athletic department is a very big
deal so we don't take it lightly I
thought the guys did a great job today
and I'm just thrilled for them and for
our program that means a lot i mean it
means more to me that the team won I
mean it's going to be a tough week for
Team both of the Gulf and the weather
and everything that goes with it I think
the end of the week having a big 12
championship and another ring in the
cabinet's huge for what this myself and
the team and I really look forward to as
the Pisces enough I think he's kind of
sink in a little more in next few days
but then that was been a huge goal of
mine and who he is for the last four
years five years since I've been here
and to finally get it in the way that
you know I ferry doing some way it all
came down it's nothing much best I mean
we said this girl at the Dean of the
year and being able to accomplish that
goal feels great and now we have to
celebrating for a couple days and they
move forward they both came up big Julio
didn't have his best stuff this week
shot 77 the first round but then came
back with two rounds of 71 142 last year
round was outstanding off Cody Gribble
just solid all the way through 71 72 72
likewise he didn't have his best stuff
but they just showed a lot of heart and
for us that really was the tale of the
tape he had to be
now here you had to give it your best
and you had to be on the ball the whole
time I mean it was a point pretty good
the last couple rounds yes I mean pretty
much the whole week of the preview the
whole wake you sir I fell didn't hear me
it was kind of cold and dead the first
arrived in feel that comfortable and
then did some skating the song came out
and her great great shots and I pre-sold
has rounds but it feels awesome we are
so many going on we have won the last
three events and now I had to keep you
know working and hopeful it's gonna be
when I keep the woman I'm going 17 two
good shots and you know in the mega park
walking with with a five there but to
get through the last hole it three
really good shots it was it felt great
and you know just kind of felt needed I
guess this golf course is a challenge
and you can see why i stood determines
that it has and why it's such a good
great venue the greens are really try
them doing there's a lot of slope to
them and they really quick and the wind
doesn't make it any easier so coming to
the week- is going to be good to be a
grind from the first tee shot of the
last putt it was always going to be
tough and we came in with that attitude
and lucky that we did because we didn't
we wouldn't be where we are today
prairie dunes demands so much and for
Brandon to come out here should even par
be the only guy who shot even par on
this golf course is more than just
outstanding it's exceptional and I'm
super excited for him
knowing that we have three victories in
a row going into regional championships
issues to use very confident guys
excited play nicely something I see
myself even though it was a struggle
today but have that level of confidence
in itself is huge going into regionals
and nationals this is what we needed
because we were struggling a little bit
at beginning of the semester and knowing
that this has happened for us right now
it's you can't really put a buddy to
great golf course top ten in the world
we're very fortunate to be here and for
my team Julio Vegas Brandon stone Tony
Hawk ela coach Murphy myself Cody
Gribble Kramer Hitchcock and John Paul a
bear we are seriously appreciative of
winning the big 12 thank you very much
you